hey there guys it's John here I I just
waved at you I just wanted to do a quick
update video it's talking about life and
I don't really I don't know what the
point of the video is it's really a
pointless video oh no I had a few things
to say actually um a few videos ago or
like four or five or six videos ago I
did a entire video covering every single
blu-ray I owned and it was like 28
minutes long it was fun and dehydrated
me but anyway I told you guys if whoever
guessed the correct number of blu-rays I
had I'd give him a shout-out and the
correct number was 248 I even double
counted my collection and the person who
got it right first was envel the traitor
and so it's a he's another blu-ray movie
guy if you guys want to check him out
I'll put a link to that down below in
the description so envel thank you for
watching the video and actually going
through and counting every single one of
them he said that he he watched the
video twice to make sure he got it right
so that's dedication
I made a Phantom Menace review a few
days ago and a lot of people a lot of
people very angry about the my opinion
on the Phantom Menace maybe it was
because I took it a little too far and
said I wish Jake Lloyd od'd but you know
what that yeah that was a little too far
it was for more of a comedic effect but
you know what I watched a video not yeah
let's let's dive into Star Wars for a
second here I watched a video of Jake
Lloyd the other day this is for everyone
who defends Episode one to the death and
was sitting there saying I think the
movies crap I don't like to watch the
movie but I'm glad I did it
and you know I respect that so Jake
Lloyd you get two thumbs up for me
because you know a real man can admit
when something is crap and that's what I
like so anyway if you guys don't know
I'm talking about I'll put a link to the
Star Wars review right here and keep in
mind I was really being negative on it
just for the simple fact that
they were re releasing the movie in 3d
as a cash grab and the 3d is not that
great in the movie I mean especially for
what it could have been alright I'm
getting a little heated I'm gonna take
off my my coat I mean you know what I
mean I'm gonna take this off in the most
impractical way I can think of how about
like this okay also I wanted to talk
about the month of February and you know
what what you guys can expect to see
from me on both my channels the flick
pick and John Flixter I'm gonna set
Indian style while I tell you this am I
really am sitting Indian style see now
tonight an honor a Valentine's Day on my
John Flixter channel I'm gonna shoot a
video I don't know exactly what I'm
gonna title it yet but it's essentially
gonna be what not to do while making
love to a woman or what not to say
yeah and believe me I that is a lot of
it stems from personal experience from
the one and a half times I have made
love to a woman also a lot of people
have asked me to talk about you know the
way I watch movies you know kind of do a
review on my TV and my sound system and
that's something I've always wanted to
do for a long time now and I just I
don't know why I just haven't got around
to it so I think I'm gonna yeah I'm
gonna sit down I'm gonna put a suit and
a tie on I don't know why I'm gonna put
a tie on I truly don't know why but I'm
gonna put a tie on for that video maybe
not all of it but I'm I don't yeah I'm
gonna put a tie on why why am I gonna do
that also I want to show you guys
something hang on hang on
does anyone own these these like air
fresheners they're they're made out of
like jelly and you open them up and they
basically make the room smell good and I
wanted to talk about something I've I
don't know why I've had this weird Bain
obsession like a Bain / Tom Hardy
obsession and look at this picture I
made that's me as a bald man and I don't
know I don't know if I could pull off
the bald look but anyway
I wanna I want a bane mask that's all
Photoshop by the way but I need a bane
mask I have some ideas but I don't know
where to buy them one of these masks set
you know that Bane wears I don't think
they haven't released anything yet and I
see some people on eBay make them but
they cost like $300 and I'm not
yeah no way I'm looking for like the
twenty dollar price range so if anybody
knows where I can buy a legitimate
looking Bane mask let me know you guys
ever have a dreams like that where it's
so good you keep forcing yourself to go
back to sleep like I felt like I was
Inception except my wife wasn't going to
kill me I wasn't Leonardo DiCaprio
Joseph gordon-levitt was there buildings
were collapsing I had a gun and instead
of planting the seed of an idea in
someone else's head I was planning some
kind of seed somewhere but it wasn't
yeah it wasn't an idea anyway that yeah
that was my dream very inception like I
don't know why I just you know speaking
of Inception let's be honest here let's
let's be honest would anybody else
remember when they go down in that room
and like wherever they are like
Chinatown or whatever and you have all
those guys or sedated and they're
dreaming four hours a day I think I
would be one of those guys I don't want
to live in reality
I'd be happy in my whole dream reality
that's all I want I don't you know I
don't want to like look at this place
what am I doing here you know what I
mean I want to go to a place where I can
build my own city and do whatever I want
and yeah yeah so anyway if you guys want
to leave some comments down below just
you know about anything I talked about
today or just randomness that's fine
I'll get back to get back to you guys
all I read them all and I'll try to
respond to as many as I possibly can I
might yeah yeah if you guys are
subscribed my John Flixter channel you
guys should see a very bizarre video by
tomorrow morning and it includes Batman
it includes toys it includes me rocking
back and forth like I'm insane like I'm
doing right now but I don't know why I'm
doing it so anyway guys take care and
I'll see you soon bye